Welcome back.
Making good progress.
Weird.
I will Wordpress blog.
We've got WordPress pulling in the contents of all our blog posts and displaying them on the blog page.
We've used the word press excerpt to shorten down the content of the post just be a couple of sentences.
So now we want to add a read more button at the end of the text.
This can also link to the full blog post in the same way as the title.
So to other read mob.
And at the very end looking at this in no index page straight after the excerpt so it is make a little
bit of space there and let's create a link.
And then inside the quotations paste nippi HP Tug's and this one when Echo to the browser get underscore
Permal Inc.
And the brockett and semicolon at the end then close off the tag and at the close and tigra.
So now we've got the link.
We need to add the text.
So pick HP again.
And we was a short uncancel underscore.
He just echoed to the browser and then inside the brackets the first prometa is going to be the techs
would like to display which is going to be read more.
And she had free dots afterwards.
And then save and see that's work and go.
OK I sat at the end of each one of the blog posts.
That's good.
And one little change I'd like to make is I don't like the square brackets at the end of the text so
I'm going to remove them and just make it into the three dots.
So let's see how to do that.
If we head over to the word press code x.
I will look for the code x the word press.
And then search out the top for the excerpt.
Then click on the function reference for the excerpt so scrawled on a bit further and it'll give some
information about how to use it.
And some examples.
But if you go a little bit further to about halfway and look for the title which is remove the free
dots and square brackets using filters.
So if we just simply copy the function.
Now and head over to the functions doppie HP.
It's pasty symbol outside the set up function.
So scroll down to the bottom of the page and paste this underneath.
The other action for the scripts.
So at the minute we'll return in the dots on the square brackets.
But we just want to delete those square brackets and save that.
Or you can put in anything that you prefer.
So let's see that working back over to the spa page and refresh.
Good that's all working correctly the square brackets have been removed.
So it just want to change the title back to be the same colour as the bootstrap website which was the
dark grey.
So if we just click on inspect elements.
And then select it with the magnifying glass.
We can see that the cluster booster bootstrap uses is blog post title.
So Copy that.
I want to change colour in the style dotsie assess.
So let's take a look for the blog section I will paste it in just below the title section were create
before.
Because it's not a link will the A.
And we'll set the colour to be the value of 4 9 4 6 4 6.
Save that.
And refresh.
Snow titles now the same colour as the bootstrap website.
So you may have already noticed that we're missing the fancy image which separates the blog title and
the rest of the content and nuts because we've still got the dots and the slush so we can remove them
and then refresh.
And this puts the images back into the blog.
Okay.
So if we go back down to the bottom of the page you can see it is the previous are the next buttons.
So we're never going to get these to work in wordpress.
So go back into the next page.
Take a look for the page section.
Mean keep the list I am set up as they are.
But we don't need these links anymore because we can put these in in a Wordpress way so we can just
delete the hyperlinks of previous and next to get the next page of posts insert the page B.
Then to get the next post we type in next underscore posts underscore link.
And then we want the button to say all the posts so types of inside the brackets.
Okay.
And then we'll copy this piece of HP.
And I will paste it just below between the list items.
But this time instead of next posts it's changed previous.
No change.
All the posts to be new.
And save hopefully that should work.
Okay then refresh.
So that causes the buttons to disappear and you may be wondering why.
Well the reason is because there isn't a previous page or a next page to go to because we've only got
five or six blog posts.
And by default WordPress puts 10 blog posts in a page.
So just test if the pages work and head back over to the dashboard.
And then down the settings and reading.
And then change blog page used to sure most from 10.
Down to five.
And then save changes.
Then hopefully if all's working correctly or the Aren't at the bottom of the page in the blog.
Will she now get a page because of one got five posts so I was as the all the postpone.
And there's the six poster and then of course new posts we'll get the first five.
So congratulations on getting this far and getting the blog post your work in.
Thanks for watching and if you join me in the next video we'll create a P P L statement which will change
the feature text at the top of the page.
Depends on what page were on.
Well see there.